README.md, before:

# Embedding Visualization Tool

A Streamlit-based tool for visualizing text embeddings using OpenAI's embedding model and t-SNE dimensionality reduction.

## Features

- Generate embeddings for text inputs using OpenAI's API
- Visualize embeddings in 2D/3D using t-SNE dimensionality reduction
- Interactive visualization with Plotly
- Nearest neighbor analysis for exploring similar texts
- Customizable visualization parameters

## Requirements

All required packages are listed in `requirements.txt`. Main dependencies include:
- OpenAI
- Streamlit
- Plotly
- NumPy
- scikit-learn
- pandas

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/mali1sav/embedding-visualisation.git
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Create a `.env` file in the project root and add your OpenAI API key:
```
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
```

## Usage

Run the Streamlit app:
```bash
streamlit run ve.py
```

The app will open in your default web browser where you can:
1. Input your texts
2. Adjust visualization parameters
3. Toggle between 2D and 3D views
4. Explore nearest neighbors

## Note

Make sure you have a valid OpenAI API key and sufficient credits for generating embeddings.

Commit message:

Updated SSL handling to use system certificates and requirements.txt

README.md, after:

# Keyword Embedding Visualization

A Streamlit application that visualizes keyword relationships using OpenAI embeddings and clustering. The app processes keywords, generates embeddings, clusters them, and creates an interactive visualization with cluster summaries.

## Features

- Text embedding using OpenAI's text-embedding-3-small model
- Hierarchical clustering with customizable parameters
- Interactive visualization using Plotly
- Cluster analysis with key terms and summaries
- Responsive web interface using Streamlit

## Requirements

- Python 3.8+
- OpenAI API key
- OpenRouter API key

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone [your-repo-url]
cd [repo-name]
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with your API keys:
```
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
OPENROUTER_API_KEY=your_openrouter_api_key
```

## Usage

1. Run the Streamlit app:
```bash
streamlit run ve.py
```

2. Enter keywords (one per line) in the text area
3. Adjust the visualization parameters if needed:
   - Max text length
   - Number of clusters
   - Minimum cluster size
4. View the interactive visualization and cluster analysis in the sidebar

## Note

This application uses OpenAI's API for embeddings and OpenRouter for LLM functionality. Make sure you have valid API keys and sufficient credits before running the application.
